It occurred to me.
What if I could make my own additions to the Watchmen series?
I doubt you have anything to contribute to our plan to reach the sphere.
Regardless, I'll show you.
The Watchmen series.
Your gloves.
My coat.
And these boots.
Of all the vital instruments, none have existed longer than those of the Watchmen series.
The power caged within them is beyond measure.
Their owner must have had an exceptionally strong anima.
That's much more than I could muster.
My every attempt to add to the Watchmen series has been a failure.
I'm sorry.
However, failure is not an end.
And my experiments led me to create something new.
I've been working on a new device.
It's a new device.
A beast of the ground.
Powered by a vital instrument.
Superficially resembling the natural variety.
You've seen them, yes?
As a cleaner, I would expect so.
We'll fly there.
In this trash beast.
A beast of the ground.
I'll take you down.
Ha ha ha ha!
Hey!
You've got eyes and ears but you don't look or listen.
In other words, you're useless, every last one of you.
And that's why I'm gonna send you all to hell!
All of humanity.
Hell!
《Streuensche Uwessassup!》
The Dujo Soyunjune!
I'm just the type you forget, so don't waste your time.
Catch up, I'm here!
I'm here!
The Dujo Soyunjune!
I'm a monster!
Yeah, chicken and cream, I got no shame, going insane
Somebody's gotta pay while I live with the pain
Like me now, I'm on you, can't say I'm out
The best, the worst, the best, the best, that's what I call it
Because flowers bloom where my feelings are built
Let's riot, get back, get trashed
Give up hope, let's cross cross
Let's live on, from the bottom of the cup
So let's laugh, lose, get drunk
The beautiful ideals, the words, the words
I'm going to spread them out
Who is it? Who is it?
Who is it? Even if it's me
This ideal is impossible
Let's put up with it
Man, just look at him, he's not normal
That's the kid? That crazy murderer or something?
Yeah, hard to believe anyone could kill so many
They should lock this kid up just to be safe
They do say, like father like son
Why haven't you told me?
They've thrown him into the pit already
I know, right?
Just wait, he'll break the law and end up down there eventually
I know it hurts
But their words only go to show how ignorant they are
People attack what they fear
And they fear what they don't understand
But before they can understand you
They gotta get to know you first
You're exactly like your father
Yeah
That kid's a killer too
Everyone sees it
You're a murderer
A murderer
อ Pardon me
I will catch you
I will
Find out who he is
Who he is
Huh?
Where is he from?
Where is he going?
To Mexico or visit Romania?
It'll get easier.
Take it easy there, bud.
No need to rush.
I'll be right back.
Shh.
Ruto, I honestly don't know how much these will help,
but at the very least, they should protect your hands.
Good luck with them.
That's good for you.
Why was you lying then?
I'm sorry, my brothers.
Yes.
Are you serious?
I know, I'm so upset for him.
DC.
They are incredible, aren't they?
Each one unparalleled in its quality.
And yet, it seems that's not quite enough.
My gloves, your coat, and Amo's boots...
Are part of a series?
What the hell does that mean?
A series of vital instruments.
How many parts of it are there?
How?
If the Watchmen series came from the ground,
then how'd Regto get part of it?
Back at the restaurant, something you said struck me.
It suggested you only learned about vital instruments after coming to the ground.
It's quite a mystery.
How is it a spherite with no knowledge of vital instruments?
Vital instruments came into possession of one of the finest in existence.
And despite it making him a giver, he retains his sanity.
My sanity?
What the hell are these things?
All entries in the Watchmen series were originally used by one person.
What?
What is it?
You know, in назв Pardon?
I've had these for a long time, but...
I haven't lost my mind.
I see that.
There's nothing unique about how we use the Watchmen series.
It seems we lost an important part of our humanity somewhere.
Why are you so ashamed of what you are?
What we lack is what makes us capable of surviving this overwhelming power.
Are you curious?
If you can use one of the Watchmen series without issue,
what would happen if you were to use everything?
Every vital instrument in the Watchmen series at once.
If I'm to achieve my goal, I must answer this question.
I must experiment.
My attempts at making items in the style of the Watchmen series were one such experiment.
Failures, though they were.
Still, failure does not mean waste.
With my failed Watchmen entry at its core,
and its evolution fueled by offerings of other vital instruments,
an imitation Trash Beast came to be.
Your being here is also an experiment.
How I approached you, when I approached you.
Every step was made to reach my goal of bringing down the Sphere.
Hang on.
When you said we're gonna...
fly.
I meant that's how we'll get across the border.
By flying in this Trash Beast.
Then we'll see what happens.
Who will live...
and who will die.
The weather report wasn't a waste of time.
We'll have a good wind at our backs.
I meant that's how we'll get across the border.
By flying in this Trash Beast.
This Trash Beast.
Trash Beast.
Trash Beast .
When you found the diagnostics you became a decent man.
What do you mean by
I mean
You must have a kill mark on your body.
You have aMed meine Schmerzelk glow from the people who touch you
Hey, Azuma.
Oh crap! Oh crap! Mr. Zoldo, please, wait! I'm still trying to get my guy to fight me!
Whoa, hold up. Your boss is the one trying to bring down the house right now?
Well, actually, I think he's just telling me to hurry up.
Crap! If you'd just hit me like I'd ask, then we could have avoided this!
Oh, I guess it's over.
Hey! Please, we still have to fight! Don't walk away!
Yeah, I really don't think that's happening. So I'm gonna scoot out of my butt on out of here.
Been hankering to find my people anyway.
Wait, no! Come on, you can't! I need this! Please, man! You gotta help me out here!
Please, please, please! I'll do anything, just don't go yet!
You leave me no choice!
I'm trying to get out of here!
I'm trying to get out of here! I'm trying to get out of here! I'm trying to get out of here!
I'm totally gonna kick your butt right now, just you wait and see!
Please don't walk away when I'm trying to fight you!
Look, I can't do anything unless someone tells me to, okay?
Mr. Zodel says it's a character flaw I had to fix, and I'm trying really, really hard, too!
I just need this one thing! So can you please turn around and hit me?
No.
I've got way too much on my plate right now.
Plus, I've gotta find my team and a way out of here.
Till then, I'm not really up to throw down, you know?
If you bash the walls hard enough, you can make your way straight out of here!
We're inside a trash beast! Your instrument can tear this place up!
We're inside a what now?!
For real?!
Unfortunately, I don't know where your team is.
But can we still fight now?
Oh, yeah, no.
Come on, Zodel. Give a man some warning before you cut him off.
I've still got a few questions I want to ask these two.
This doesn't feel like an earthquake.
Is this you?!
Hey, calm down! You're gonna bury us in here!
Dear, please!
I'm sure you're tired.
I'm sorry.
Huh? Wait, airborne?
That's right. The boss wanted to try flying to the sphere. Figured we could do it in this trash beast.
You're a cleaner, you didn't realize?
Ah! We're in the...
Ah!
I feel for you, Fu. But fighting people just isn't our bag, you know.
Now I'd love for you to keep telling me the who, what, where's and why's.
But I hear trash beast and my ass gets in gear.
I mean, really, what else am I gonna do? Or have you forgotten who we are?
Now then, it's cleaning time!
Hmm. Now hold on, what's all this?
Y'all put up your dukes real quick.
Vital Instrument!
Centralian!
Cloth!
Hey now, so that's how it is. Just the thought of a trash beast gets you going.
That explains a lot.
Good to know how y'all folks tick.
I'm a little embarrassed. You had me completely convinced we were underground.
But then...
I didn't think trash beasts could get this big.
Huh. Come to think of it, we haven't had our masks on this entire time.
So how are we not all dead?
I mean, this thing's massive.
You'd think they'd be putting off some serious toxic fumes.
Mm.
Well, all I can say about that is this one's special.
Wish I knew how.
Enough of that.
We best get going.
We'll all be sphere-bound here.
Maybe in a minute or two.
It's a shame that we've gotta cut our exchange so short.
And again, work's not always fun.
Dear, let's wrap this up real quick.
What incarnation?
Ah!
Huh?
Beautiful.
I'll show you.
I'm not gonna let you get through him.
Hold on now.
The hell is he thinking?
It'll break through the wall?
Ah!
This is cute and all but it's gotta stop.
That boy needs some reality.
You just can't indulge a kid.
It's toxic for him.
You know what's actually toxic for him?
Stopping a kid from trying because you think they can't accomplish something.
Listen.
Pay attention to what they're saying and doing.
Then you'll know what they can do.
Huh?
It's kinda like my boy's power. The more he hits something, the stronger he gets. It's called Drain.
That's the power of Deer. And that's the power of his Centralia!
This game rubbed my eyes.